# Hammer_Euv - a Terminal MVVM UI Engine

*if you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail*

Hammer_Euv is a terminal UI engine based on my CS 611 OOD homework 4. The basic idea is I prefer to deal with my assignment tasks by using front-end way/patterns/styles.

## Artchiture
### Intefaces
#### ModelProperty

This interface defines essential methods for two-way binding properties in model. The ViewModel could use this interface and Reflection(will be introduced later) to interating all ModelProperty in your Model.

* View

Defines essential methods for a View.

* ViewModel

Defines a viewmodel control and logic interface.

* Model

All model must implements this interface. Even it's a empty interface, It may add some members in the following version

* UIEngine

UI Engine handles all stuffs relate to ui.

### run instructions
In order to run this game, you have to unzip all the resource file to a directiory and modify such setting in `LegendGame` class
```

    public static final int mapHeight = 8;
    public static final int mapWidth = 8;
    public static final int fightChance = 80;
    public static final String resourceDir = "/home/ubuntu/CS611/hw4/Legend/resources/";
```
### Design decision
* All data will be int
* hero only allowed to equip one weapon and one armor
* weapon & armor & potions & magics could be used in bags
### Core Engine
**MVVM Artchture**
*if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail*

The most important& time-consuming part is MVVM ui engine. I implement it using Reflex to access all property in the model and replace the corresponding element in the view. I spend too much time on that.

The uiComponment should be generated by factory(factory pattern).

TerminalUIEngine handles all ui stuff, like components show, close, send a notification, catch an input,etc.
**Game**
GameItems stores in GameItems folder.

GameIterfaces stores in GameInterfaces folder.

the whole system follows show/close actions of uicomponments.

### Bugs
Since many functions didn't finish, there are many bugs in bag system.
